// Compost colors for forcecraft. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
baconator, #ffffff
bat_flask, #beafb8
bee_flask, #d9d3ca
blue_chu_jelly, #b5f5ff
bottled_wither, #ffffff
cat_flask, #e4d9e4
cave_spider_flask, #cfc8d0
chicken_flask, #faeef7
claw, #f1ebeb
cod_flask, #bfbefb
cooked_bacon, #dc443e
cow_flask, #d9ccd6
darkness_card, #fffaff
dolphin_flask, #b6c2ff
donkey_flask, #d6cddc
enderman_flask, #aea2b4
entity_flask, #e7e0f2
experience_core, #fffff1
experience_tome, #ffff8d
force_arrow, #ffffee
force_axe, #ffffaf
force_belt, #ffffbe
force_black_torch, #ffffff
force_blue_torch, #ffffff
force_boots, #ffffcc
force_bow, #ffffae
force_brown_torch, #ffffff
force_chest, #ffff9e
force_cyan_torch, #ffffff
force_filled_force_flask, #ffff7c
force_flask, #e7e0f2
force_gear, #ffffc2
force_gem, #ffffcc
force_gray_torch, #ffffff
force_green_torch, #ffffff
force_helmet, #ffffff
force_ingot, #ffffa5
force_legs, #ffffe0
force_light_blue_torch, #ffffff
force_light_gray_torch, #ffffff
force_lime_torch, #ffffff
force_magenta_torch, #ffffff
force_mitt, #ffffe7
force_nugget, #ffffff
force_orange_torch, #ffffff
force_pack, #ffff97
force_pack_upgrade, #eeeec6
force_pickaxe, #ffffd2
force_pink_torch, #ffffff
force_purple_torch, #ffffff
force_red_torch, #ffffff
force_rod, #ffff87
force_sapling, #faf76b
force_shears, #ffffdc
force_shovel, #ffffea
force_stick, #ffdd5e
force_sword, #fffff0
force_torch, #ffffff
force_white_torch, #ffffff
force_wrench, #ffff90
fortune, #ffffff
fortune_cookie, #fffbc3
fox_flask, #f2d3d9
freezing_core, #faffff
gold_chu_jelly, #ffffbf
golden_power_source, #ffffde
green_chu_jelly, #bfffee
grinding_core, #fffcfc
heat_core, #fffefb
horse_flask, #ccc3d0
inert_core, #ffffff
iron_golem_flask, #ded4e0
item_card, #ffffff
life_card, #ffffff
llama_flask, #e1d9e3
magnet_glove, #ffb8b2
milk_force_flask, #ffffff
mooshroom_flask, #e3c6d4
mule_flask, #cabcc6
panda_flask, #d0c9d9
parrot_flask, #e7ccd9
pig_flask, #ffd7fb
piglin_flask, #f0dcde
pile_of_gunpowder, #ffffff
polar_bear_flask, #faf4ff
pufferfish_flask, #b8bffc
rabbit_flask, #ded3de
raw_bacon, #ff6c76
recovery_heart, #ff8465
red_chu_jelly, #ffb6b9
red_potion, #fa7a83
salmon_flask, #c2b9e6
sheep_flask, #eae3f1
skeleton_flask, #f1ebfa
snow_cookie, #ffffff
snow_golem_flask, #fef5ff
soul_wafer, #ffffff
speed_core, #ffffda
spider_flask, #b8a8b4
spoils_bag, #bca0c2
spoils_bag_t2, #bca0c2
spoils_bag_t3, #bca0c2
squid_flask, #b1b2eb
strider_flask, #d7c9e1
time_torch, #ffffff
treasure_core, #ffffee
tropical_fish_flask, #c5c2ff
turtle_flask, #cfd9da
undeath_card, #fffffb
upgrade_core, #ffffff
upgrade_tome, #5bffff
villager_flask, #cfc6cd
wandering_trader_flask, #d9cdd0
wolf_flask, #e6ddeb
zombified_piglin_flask, #eadaee
